Daniel Biedron

In order to compile this code: 

    1. Create a build directory build-dir in highlighter.

    2. Then, cd into build-dir.

    3. Run 'cmake ..' with no quotes.

    4. Run 'make' with no quotes.

In order to run the tool:

    1. From build-dir, the tool can be run as './hl <filenamepath>.png <filenamepath>.xml'
       without quotes.

       a. The string <filenamepath> must be the same for both the .png and .xml
          files.

       b. The order and file format are strict, so .png comes before .xml.

Description of solution and design decisions:

    1. Language: C++ is the language I have used most often and with which I am more comfortable.

    2. Libraries: I chose tinyxml2 and CImg because they were commonly described as light-weight 
       and recommended for basic use-cases. CImg required libpng for png I/O, and libpng relies
       on the zlib compression library, so the libpng and zlib libraries were included in the build.

    3. I had no experience with building projects with third party dependencies (with the exception
       of CSCI 437, in which a cmake script for working with SDL was provided to us) or distributing
       those dependencies. As such, the vast majority of development time for this tool went into 
       figuring out how to work with libraries, as well as fixing problems with the build. Therefore,
       compromises were made with respect to the scope of functionality:

       a. The tool relies on a strict usage in order to reduce the complexity needed to parse input,
          and therefore the amount of time needed to code the tool. It is for that reason that the 
          tool takes a single .png .xml pair at a time with a strict file naming convention, and 
          rejects pairings where either file is unable to be opened or read.

       b. Because extrapolating the intended meaning of non-well-formed or incorrect XML would be
          a highly complex task, the tool instead requires that XML be well-formed. It is therefore
          unable to work with XML that does not comply with the XML standard.

       c. The tool saves the output image to the same directory as <filenamepath> as 
          <filenamepath>-hl.png again in order to reduce development complexity.